before this video get started I want to
say I apologize for not uploading
yesterday I was just busy and that's all
I really really can say about that but I
always just enjoyed the video hey what
is up guys guys my name's Alex and today
we're going to be doing a video about
the new iOS 8.3 update so if you have
already updated it I am I'm sincerely
sorry you can watch tutorial on how to
downgrade I mean you don't have to but
this is about iOS by the way I just
wanted to say that because Android users
you don't have to stick around you may
just get bored because it's about iOS
but um there's a new update called iOS
8.3 and the reason I said downgrade is
because this will change minecraft PE
and the way we play maps forever so if
you're not jailbroken and you updated to
iOS 8.3 then if you download maps with
like iphone box I tools I explore or
anything like that then it will just be
taken away if you're on 8.3 it
completely blocks the signal and it
doesn't let you download maps or
anything like that and it's gonna really
really stink I mean you can't do
anything on like I Explorer ifunbox like
I said and this is the new iOS yeah this
is actually gameplay from a from my
first episode because I I don't know I
felt like it but it was yeah so this is
a new update and I just don't think you
should update it if you haven't already
I mean everybody so hyped about the new
emojis but I mean they are kind of
yellow they're kind of weird I mean like
why should you update anyways but yeah
anyways guys gals I know this video
isn't going to be too long but it's
pretty important and I wanted to thank
you I wanted to thank cool supreme for
cool vs. communism and Jack Frost minor
for making these videos before me and
you know bringing it to my attention so
I would make a video about this so I'm
giving them the credit they'll be in the
description below they're really awesome
youtubers and just go ahead and check
them out you probably already know jack
considering
like everybody in the mcp community
knows him but I mean cool supreme is
really awesome Alton label in the
description below but anyways as yells I
know this was short but I mean it's
really important you need to not update
if you haven't already I don't want to
get this out too late before everybody
updates but I mean you could not if you
don't really play maps or you're just
not really interested in that kind of
stuff or if you don't have a pc i don't
know but if you do if you've already
updated you can downgrade there's a lot
of options here but anyways guys gals
thanks so much for watching this video
if you enjoyed it punch the local face
because I would really appreciate it
really helps my channel grow and it
takes less than two seconds anyways guys
gals peace and see you baby
Oh